Wansijie, what are you doing?
Don't call me sister
Your sister is dead
As soon as the little bitch comes back, she seduces Brother Rong
Really pretend I don't exist Shen Manzi
Brother Warrior, apologize to Tingting immediately.
Why should I apologize?
He is shameless
Seduce you as soon as you come back
I'm already merciful that I didn't kill him
It was my girl
I promised her relatives that I would take good care of her
If you don't apologize now
We won't have any problems later.
Long Zi Ge
Or forget it
You still pretend
We are satisfied
I'll say it one last time
I'm sorry, this kind of thing is not allowed to happen again in the future.
If it happens again
You know the consequences
Sure enough, after this sweet comes back
It's much more lively around Ah Zhi
Maybe Mr. Rong likes to join in the fun?
A dog bites a dog's mouth
Don't think I don't know what you're thinking.
Even if I have a few words with Brother Rong
You didn't get a chance.
Young grandma of the Rong family
Only I can do it
What's up?
Something happened to my brother, I'm leaving first
I'm sorry, Mulin
I'll take you so late.